feat: return the resolver/requester username in the result of a subtask (#138)
ovh/utask: pkg/plugins/builtin/subtask/README.md

## Requirements

None.

## Return

### Output

| Name                | Description                                |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| `id`                | The public identifier of the task          |
| `state`             | The state of the task                      |
| `result`            | The result of the task                     |
| `resolverUsername`  | The username of the resolver of the task   |

> | `requesterUsername` | The usernamf ot the requester of ther task |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `requesterUsername` | The username ot the requester of the task |
```

Author: Thanks.
